README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Description the project.


## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Sections (#1)
* Create .github/workflows folders with linter file

* Add .hintrc to the root directory

* Add header section in html

* Add the headline section of html file

* Add link to stylesheet and re-arrange html file

* Update img element to contain alt attribute

* Add folder for images

* Add file to be ignored

* Add image to use with README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md to give installation guidelines

* Update style.css to suite best practices

* Update website logo to use h1 tag

* Add right spacing to menu and implement backgound image

* Update styles due to html changes

* Update logo as per project requirements

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio setup and mobile version skeleton

> In this project I built the header and headline sections of a mobile version of a portfolio.


## Built With

- Major languages: HTML and CSS

## Live Demo (if available)

![Image](https://github.com/krisbobo/portfolio-setupAndMobileVersionSkeleton/blob/sections/portfolio.png)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple example steps.

## Prerequisites

Before attempting to get a copy of this, you should know(have) how to do the following:

- How to use the command line interface(CLI)

- Know how to navigate directories or folders at the CLI.

- Know how to get the URL(https/ssh) of a repository on GitHub.

- You should have a code editor installed, preferably VsCode.

## Setup

- In desired folder or directory in the CLI, run the command:

>                   git clone (https/ssh)URL

-Navigate into the cloned folder or repository by running the command:

>                   cd <folder/name of the repository>

- If VsCode is your default code editor, run:

>                   code .

- You are all setup!

## Authors

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [krisbobo](https://github.com/krisbobo)
- Twitter: [ChrisboboSys](https://twitter.com/ChrisboboSys)
- LinkedIn: [kiyong-christian](https://linkedin.com/in/kiyong-christian)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
